Modern work is top of mind
for us here at surface.
And we're excited
to present our newest
edition of Surface Laptop
with an optional integrated
privacy screen
and anti-glare display
on our 13.8in model.
Ideal for mobile professionals
who work in public spaces.
Users can work confidently
and privately while still preserving
touch responsiveness
and our signature high
quality Pixelsense flow
display with a 120Hz refresh rate
providing clarity
in almost any light
with HDR and 600 nits of brightness.
This is for users
who prioritize portability
and visual privacy
for users who work in open
offices, shared spaces, or on the move
with the press of one dedicated key.
The screen dims to significantly reduce
on screen visibility
from side angles,
minimizing the risk of prying eyes
and shoulder surfing in public spaces.
This privacy screen
is built directly into the display
and can be enabled or disabled
through software controls,
including remote management capabilities,
allowing
IT teams to enable and apply
policies from the cloud.
This new feature
is a direct result
of surface's commitment
to premium craftsmanship,
a depiction of meticulously designed
hardware to empower your productivity
and keep you in the flow of your work.
Availability of Surface
Laptop's integrated
privacy screen with anti-glare varies
by configuration, and market.
Surface is built to be secure by default,
keeping you and your team safe
from the chip to the cloud.
To learn more, visit aka SeemsGood
Surface Learning.